README.md, before:

# JavaLoader ![Travis CI status](https://travis-ci.org/Pieter12345/JavaLoader.svg?branch=master)
A Bukkit plugin which allows loading, unloading and compiling java projects in runtime.

## Discord ![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/709884147044188321)
Click [here](https://discord.gg/sGgXTfC) to join our Discord server.

## Permissions
| Permission     | Description |
|----------------|-------------|
| javaloader.use | All usage   |

## Usage (Bukkit)
Place the JavaLoader jar file in the `<server dir>/plugins` directory of your Bukkit server. When you start your server and no projects currently exist, an example project will be put in the `<server dir>/plugins/JavaLoader/JavaProjects` directory. From looking at this example project, you will be able to see how to set up a project for JavaLoader.
#### JavaLoader project properties:
 - The projects main class (and only that class) extends `io.github.pieter12345.javaloader.bukkit.JavaLoaderBukkitProject`. The usual `org.bukkit.plugin.java.JavaPlugin` class functionalities from Bukkit are implemented in the `io.github.pieter12345.javaloader.bukkit.JavaLoaderBukkitProjectPlugin` class which can be obtained using `JavaLoaderBukkitProject`'s `getPlugin()` method.
 - The projects main class has no constructors defined or has the empty constructor defined and is publicly accessible.
 - The projects main class can (but does not have to) override `public void onLoad()` and `public void onUnload()`, which are called when the project is being loaded and unloaded respectively.
 - The projects main class implements `public String getVersion()`, which should return the version of your project (e.g. "0.0.1-SNAPSHOT"). This method is invoked before the `onLoad()` method is invoked and it is advised to hard-code this.

#### Adding commands:
 - The projects main class can override the empty implementation of Bukkit's `CommandExecutor` and `TabCompleter` interfaces for command handling and tab complete handling.
 - Commands can be added through overriding the `public BukkitCommand[] getCommands()` method in the projects main class. These commands will be inserted before the `onLoad()` method is invoked, so it is advised to hard-code these commands.

#### Dependency management
 - The JavaLoader jar file and the Bukkit API (including its implementation) are automatically included in the class path.
 - Additional dependencies can be added by creating the `<server dir>/plugins/JavaLoader/JavaProjects/<your project>/dependencies.txt` file with line-seperated dependency descriptors.
 - Jar dependencies can be included by adding the following line to the dependencies.txt file:
`jar -scope path` where scope is optional and can be `provided` or `include` (defaults to `include`) and path is the path to the .jar file. If the path starts with a dot, the relative path is taken from the project directory.
 - JavaLoader project dependencies can be included by adding the following line to the dependencies.txt file:
`project projectName` where projectName is the name of the project.
 - Bukkit plugin dependencies can be included by adding the following line to the dependencies.txt file:
`plugin pluginName` where pluginName is the name of the plugin as known by Bukkit.
 - Libraries that are bundled with Minecraft (MC 1.18+) can be depended on by adding the following line to the dependencies.txt file:
 `mclib libName` where libName is the name of the bundled library jar (including the version number and excluding the `.jar` file extension).
 - Circular project dependencies are not allowed.
 - In bulk load/unload/compile operations, an order is ensured in which all loaded projects can be certain that their children are loaded as well. So if A depends on B, then B would load before A and A would unload before B.
 - When a class is defined in multiple places, the first found definition is used. The classloading search order is: `project` > `include scope dependencies` > `project dependencies (including their dependencies)` > `Server main ClassLoader (Bukkit classes and possibly Bukkit plugin classes)` > `JavaLoader plugin classloader (Bukkit plugin classes)`.

## Contributing
You can contribute to this project by reporting bugs and requesting features using the issue tracker on GitHub. Pull requests are very much welcome, but do keep in mind to discuss changes beforehand to increase the chance of pull requests being accepted.

Commit message:

Create Fork (takeover)
This commit marks the start of Ecconias fork of JavaLoader.
It will have a some features removed and others added.
It won't be compatible with the original JavaLoader, as some different design choices will be made.
The fork will be maintained in a way to please Ecconias usage experience, it is not meant for the broad public.

Things that changed:
- Now targets Java 17.
- Added Ecconia as author.
- Start with version 1.0.0.
- Target latest Velocity.
- License is now AGPLv3.

Things that have been removed:
- Example projects: Can be added in future again. I don't need them.
- Checkstyle: A different style will be used.
- Tests: Not relevant rn, can be re-added in future.
- License injection: Fork will not be provided as jar.
- Standalone version: Not needed by me.

README.md, after:

# EccsJavaLoader

A Bukkit plugin which allows loading, unloading and compiling java projects in runtime.

This is a fork of JavaLoader! It does things a little bit differently.

## Permissions
| Permission     | Description |
|----------------|-------------|
| javaloader.use | All usage   |

## Usage (Bukkit)

Place the JavaLoader jar file in the `<server dir>/plugins` directory of your Bukkit server. When you start your server and no projects currently exist, an example project will be put in the `<server dir>/plugins/JavaLoader/JavaProjects` directory. From looking at this example project, you will be able to see how to set up a project for JavaLoader.

#### JavaLoader project properties:

 - The projects main class (and only that class) extends `io.github.pieter12345.javaloader.bukkit.JavaLoaderBukkitProject`. The usual `org.bukkit.plugin.java.JavaPlugin` class functionalities from Bukkit are implemented in the `io.github.pieter12345.javaloader.bukkit.JavaLoaderBukkitProjectPlugin` class which can be obtained using `JavaLoaderBukkitProject`'s `getPlugin()` method.
 - The projects main class has no constructors defined or has the empty constructor defined and is publicly accessible.
 - The projects main class can (but does not have to) override `public void onLoad()` and `public void onUnload()`, which are called when the project is being loaded and unloaded respectively.
 - The projects main class implements `public String getVersion()`, which should return the version of your project (e.g. "0.0.1-SNAPSHOT"). This method is invoked before the `onLoad()` method is invoked and it is advised to hard-code this.

#### Adding commands:

 - The projects main class can override the empty implementation of Bukkit's `CommandExecutor` and `TabCompleter` interfaces for command handling and tab complete handling.
 - Commands can be added through overriding the `public BukkitCommand[] getCommands()` method in the projects main class. These commands will be inserted before the `onLoad()` method is invoked, so it is advised to hard-code these commands.

#### Dependency management:

 - The JavaLoader jar file and the Bukkit API (including its implementation) are automatically included in the class path.
 - Additional dependencies can be added by creating the `<server dir>/plugins/JavaLoader/JavaProjects/<your project>/dependencies.txt` file with line-seperated dependency descriptors.
 - Jar dependencies can be included by adding the following line to the dependencies.txt file:
`jar -scope path` where scope is optional and can be `provided` or `include` (defaults to `include`) and path is the path to the .jar file. If the path starts with a dot, the relative path is taken from the project directory.
 - JavaLoader project dependencies can be included by adding the following line to the dependencies.txt file:
`project projectName` where projectName is the name of the project.
 - Bukkit plugin dependencies can be included by adding the following line to the dependencies.txt file:
`plugin pluginName` where pluginName is the name of the plugin as known by Bukkit.
 - Libraries that are bundled with Minecraft (MC 1.18+) can be depended on by adding the following line to the dependencies.txt file:
 `mclib libName` where libName is the name of the bundled library jar (including the version number and excluding the `.jar` file extension).
 - Circular project dependencies are not allowed.
 - In bulk load/unload/compile operations, an order is ensured in which all loaded projects can be certain that their children are loaded as well. So if A depends on B, then B would load before A and A would unload before B.
 - When a class is defined in multiple places, the first found definition is used. The classloading search order is: `project` > `include scope dependencies` > `project dependencies (including their dependencies)` > `Server main ClassLoader (Bukkit classes and possibly Bukkit plugin classes)` > `JavaLoader plugin classloader (Bukkit plugin classes)`.

## Contributing
No contribution to this fork. Contribute to the original project if you like.

In case you want to contribute anyway, join my [Development Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/dYYxNvp) to discuss possible changes.
